###Bus Tracking System API - 1.5
--------------------------------
Change Log : added /alertscontrol(POST,DELETE,GET). added /reports.  
--------------------------------
The Rest API has been deployed to AWS
.

Link: ec2-3-7-131-60.ap-south-1.compute.amazonaws.com


Everybody can use the below endpoints to access the tabbles in the database.


*/register - POST into Users table.
*/login - takes a JSON object with 'username' and 'password' and gives back JWT if exists in Users table.
	 The JWT shall be used to access all the end points.
	 For all the endpoints an Authorization Header should be included with value 'Bearer <JWT>'.
*/tracking (POST) - POST into Rawdata table.
*/tracking (GET) - takes a JSON object with 'routeId' and 'deviceTime' to give back Livedata with respect to input.
		    	routeId==None and deviceTime==None:
				returns Livedata of all Buses
			routeId!=None and deviceTime==None:
				returns Livedata of given routeId
			routeId!=None and deviceTime!=None:
				returns Tracking of given routeId at given deviceTime	
*/sms - sends SMS in bulk. takes a JSON object with 'to' and 'message'.
	   	if 'to'=='users': given message is sent to all Users.
		if 'to'=='drivers': given message is sent to all Drivers.  
*/geofence (POST) - POST into Geofence table.
*/geofence (GET) - takes a JSON object with 'routeId','fromDate','toDate','status'. 'fromDate' and 'toDate' are must.
		   if 'routeId' is given, data related only to that 'routeId' is returned else everything is returned.  	

		   if 'status' is given, data with given status only is returned else everything is returned.
*/busgeofence (POST) - POST into BusGeofence table.
*/busgeofence (DELETE) - takes a JSON object with 'routeId' and deletes all the rows from BusGeofence table with the given 'routeId'.
*/busgeofence (GET) - takes a JSON object with 'routeId' and returns a list of latitudes and logitudes detetrmining bus geofence.
		      if 'routeId' is not given, returns a list of latitudes and logitudes detetrmining bus geofence for all routes.
*/alerts (POST) - POST into Alerts table.
*/alerts (GET) - takes a JSON object with 'routeId' and 'alertDate' and returns a list of alerts generated by given 'routeId' on given 'alertDate'.
		 if 'routeId' is not given, returns a list of alerts generated on given 'alertDate'.
*/alertscontrol (POST) - POST into AlertsControl Table.
*/alertscontrol (DELETE) - takes a JSON object with 'alertCode' and deletes the AlertControl with the given 'alertCode'.
*/alertscontrol (GET) - AlertsControl Table.
*/reports/uptime - takes a JSON object with 'routeId', 'fromDate', 'toDate'. 'fromDate', 'toDate' are must. 
		   	if routeId==None:
				returns uptime data of all buses between given dates
			if routeId!=None:
				returns uptime data of given bus between given dates
*/reports/fleet - takes a JSON object with 'routeId', 'fromDate', 'toDate'.
			if fromDate and toDate == None:
				if routeId==None:
					returns all fleet data of all buses 
				if routeId!=None:
					returns all fleet data of given bus 
			if fromDate and toDate != None:
				if routeId==None:
					returns fleet data of all buses between given dates
				if routeId!=None:
					returns fleet data of given bus between given dates
*/reports/distance - takes a JSON object with 'routeId', 'fromDate', 'toDate'. 'fromDate', 'toDate' are must. 
		   	if routeId==None:
				returns distance travelled data of all buses between given dates
			if routeId!=None:
				returns distance travelled data of given bus between given dates
*/reports/alerts - takes a JSON object with 'alertCode', 'fromDate', 'toDate'. 'fromDate', 'toDate' are must. 
		   	if alertCode==None:
				returns all alerts buses between given dates
			if alertCode!=None:
				returns all alerts of given type between given dates
*/buses - Bus table
.
*/routes - Routes table
.
*/drivers - Driver table.
*/sos - Sos table
.
*/users - Users table
.

Example: ec2-3-7-131-60.ap-south-1.compute.amazonaws.com/routes


All the endpoints returns the data as a list of dictionaries in JSON format which can be converted and used in the program directly.
